FFWEB-1566: Add information about `topic` attribute (#239)
FACT-Finder-Web-Components/documentation: markdown/3.x/en/ff-navigation.md

## Custom navigation data

To use custom navigation data instead of data retrieved from FACT-Finder, set `subscribe="false"` and assign an array of navigation items to the `navigationData` property.

> You can also subscribe to the default topic and inspect data passed as an argument to `resultDispatcher.subscribe`. function. For more details how subscribe to topic, please visit

Reviewer: Putting the purpose reads a little easier because you can immediately estimate how relevant the sentence is to what you are looking for.
```suggestion
To inspect the structure of such data you can subscribe to the default topic through `ResultDispatcher.subscribe` and read its argument. For more details on how to subscribe to topics, please visit the
```

Author: changed
